---
title: MyInsights+ 2023 R2
description: Layout Migration Tool, Custom Parameters UI and more!
date: 2023-06-30T23:00:00.000Z
---

## Deployment Requirements

<feature-badges zip dataload package>Required</feature-badges>

## Layout Migration Tool

Finally, dashboards can be migrated between orgs in a few clicks, instead of a few hours.

## Custom Parameters UI

Thanks to new Parameter and Parameter Value objects, Reporting Block Layouts will now show fields for custom parameters, according to their Report Type.

## Help Text

When creating or editing a Reporting Block Layout, once a Report has been selected, a description of how to configure it is shown. This brings the documentation closer to where it is most useful.

## Improved Veeva Align Support

The Territory Feedback HTML Report record type has been added to the MyInsights+ Administrator and End User permission sets so that dashboards can be used within Veeva Align.

## Tabs

The `offlineOnly` custom parameter can now be used to display a tab and its contents only on the offline Veeva apps (iPad, iPhone and Windows) and not in the desktop browser.

## User Territory Filter Report

With this new report, reports' data can be filtered to include or exclude data from outside the user's territory. See the [documentation](/reports/user-territory-filter) for full details.

## Reach Report

A new report is added that allows to see how many accounts have had at least one Call or an Email Sent. 
This report can also be used to track accounts with at least one suggestion, or with any other child record. 

## Obsolete Fields Deleted

A number of fields that have not been useful or even shown in the admin UI for a very long time have been deleted.
