---
title: Insights+ 2023 R3
description: List View Association upgrades, Default Tab filter and Error logging
date: 2023-11-30T23:00:00.000Z
---

## Deployment Requirements

<feature-badges package zip>Required</feature-badges>

## Layout Migration Tool: Add layout selection

When updating an existing layout, you can now directly replace it. Select the layout in the Insights+ Layout dropdown and the HTML Report will automatically be selected.

Optionally, you can check the Delete Layout checkbox. In this case, the old layout will be deleted and the new one set to Status Active.

## List View Association: Join field

The existing List View Association join field is now split into 2 different fields. This will result in making the configuration more intuitive.

Below, you can find the 2 newly available join fields:

- Main List View Join Field: this is the field on the Main List View that links to the Associated List View. It defaults to Id, which is the most typical case. For example, if the Main List View is on the Call object and the List View Association on the Call Key Message object, this field can be left blank or set to Id. If the Main List View is on the Suggestion object and the Associated List View is on the Call object, then this field would be Account_vod__c because that field is shared by both the Suggestion and Call objects.
- Associated List View Join Field: this is the field on the List View Association's own List View that links to the Main List View. For example, if the Main List View is on the Account object and the Associated List View is on the Suggestion object, this field would be Account_vod__c, because it is a lookup to the Account's Id field.

## Synthetic Fields in List Views

Synthetic fields are calculated fields which do not exist in the objects. From now on, it is possible to add these synthetic fields to List Views in the dashboards. 

Synthetic fields require custom coding. The naming of the fields can be decided together with the development team.

## Default value for Tab filters

The filter in a tab can be set to a default value whenever the tab is opened. The filtered value will be visualised in the filter and used to load the data for the dashboard.

## Multi-Column report: support custom parameters "labelsInclude" & "labelsExclude"

Admins can now use the labelsInclude and labelsExclude custom parameters. Both custom parameters contain a comma-separated list of field paths.

Description of custom parameters:

- labelsInclude: Only the labels for these field paths will be displayed.
- labelsExclude: The labels for these field paths will not be displayed.

## Accessibility List View Definition fields

A clear error will be shown to the end user when the correct permission for the object(s) or field(s), used in the list view, are missing.

This error can also be ignored if the custom parameter “skipWhenNoPermissions” is set for the List View Association. When the end user does not have the correct permission and this custom parameter is set, the data will be loaded except for that List View Association.

## List View Definitions: Lookup Object name is visible

When navigating through multiple lookups in the List View Defitions, the object name each lookup belongs to, is now displayed. This makes it easier to understand which field will be displayed.

## Reporting Block Layout: Deprecatation Display Type field 

The Display field is currently only used by the Home Page List View Reporting Block Type. Currently, we have a Table Reporting Block Type, Doughnut Chart Reporting Block Type and Counter Reporting Block Type. 
This makes the Display field obsolete.

## Insights+ Error Logging

A new object is used to log errors occurring in the Insights+ dashboards. Admins can create Salesforce reports to make an overview.

Object API name: "Insights_Log_ccp__c"

## Reach Report

A report that allows you to see how many acccounts have had a Call or a Sent Email.
