---
title: Insights+ 2024 R1
description: Org Variables, online performance, error logging and more
date: 2024-03-31T23:00:00.000Z
---

## Environment Variables

An admin can create new parameter keywords by adding records to the Insights_Env_Var__c object in the Insights+ Admin App.

These keywords can now be used in custom parameters to make them more dynamic and handle differences between orgs.

See the [Org Variables reference](/references/org-variables) for more information.

## Caching for Online Dashboards

In an effort to speed up online dashboards, a Global Cache checkbox has been added to List Views. This is useful when multiple reports within a dashboard query the same object. Performance optimisation through caching should be discussed with a developer first.

## Online Performance Guide

We have started gathering recommendations for speedier online reports in an [Online Performance Guide](/guides/online-performance).

## Error Logging

To help make it easier to identify and resolve errors end users are encountering, certain categories of errors will now be captured in the Insights+ Log object. Administrators can then create Salesforce reports to visualise the errors.

## offlineOnly and onlineOnly for Tabs and Reporting Block Layouts

Tabs and Reporting Block Layouts can now be restricted to the online or offline platforms with the use of these custom parameters.

## Custom Modal Columns

The columns shown in a modal can now be different to the ones defined in the Main List View, thanks to a List View Association with the 'Modal' Role. This is currently available in the [Aggregation Table report](/reports/aggregation-table).

## Record Filter and Picklist Filter can show selected options in the title

To make it clearer for users which values are selected in a multiple selection filter, the Record Filter and Picklist Filter reports now support the showSelectionsInTitle custom parameter.

## Aggregation Table Enhancements

The new columnsBy custom parameter allows columns to be added to the table in a data-driven way. The new showTotals custom parameter allows for the display of sub-totals and grand totals. The groupBy custom parameter can now be used to both aggregate and group fields. See the [Aggregation Table documentation](/reports/aggregation-table) for all the details.

## Table Enhancements

The Table report can now show sub-totals and a grand total for selected columns, with the use of the new totalColumns and showTotals custom parameters. See the [Table documentation](/reports/table) for all the details.

## Record Filter emitMultipleValues custom parameter

The `emitMultipleValues` custom parameter has been added to avoid issues with values that cannot be parsed correctly in single-value Record Filters.